At this point, we've covered a fair bit of information.
So let's take a quick moment to review it together.
We talked about the metrics that matter and learned that we should be looking at
the following areas of our business daily using pirate metrics.
This covers acquisition, activation,
retention, referral, and revenue.
As we advance in our business and our skills,
we'll be layering in more metrics to review each morning.
We also looked at how the customer journey works and how we need to create
a reference journey to figure out what we really need to be measuring.
We then studied the analytics brief,
a framework that helps us better decipher how to study and apply
metrics as well as use analytic thinking across our business story,
our customer story, and our test and learn plan.
All of these pieces contribute to your skills,
and we'll help you decipher how to take action on your marketing analytics objectives.